Edits to JOSS paper after review by Mark Harfouche (#132)
fatiando/pooch: paper/paper.md

# Summary

Scientific software is usually created to acquire, analyze, model, and visualize data.
As such, many software libraries include sample datasets in their distributions
for use in documentation, tests, benchmarks, and workshops.
A common approach is to include smaller datasets in the GitHub repository
directly and package them with the source and binary distributions
(e.g., scikit-learn [@scikit-learn] and scikit-image [@scikit-image] do this).
As data files increase in size, it becomes unfeasible to store them in GitHub
repositories.
Thus, larger datasets require writing code to download the files from a remote server
to the user's computer.
The same problem is faced by scientists using version control to manage their
research projects.
While downloading a data file over HTTPS can be done easily with modern Python
libraries, it is not trivial to manage a set of files, keep them updated, and
check for corruption.
For example, scikit-learn [@scikit-learn], Cartopy [@cartopy], and PyVista

> [@pyvista] all include code dedicated to this particular task.

Author: Found these 3 examples. All include some form of download, caching, and hash validation.

Instead of scientists and library authors recreating the same code, it would be
best to have a minimalistic and easy to set up tool for fetching and maintaining
data files.

Pooch is a Python library that fills this gap.

> It manages a data *registry* (containing file names, SHA256 hashes, and

Reviewer: Hyphenated looks more common, but if so, make sure to be consistent in the whole document.

```suggestion
It manages a data *registry* (containing file names, SHA-256 hashes, and
```

download URLs) by downloading files from one or more remote servers and storing
them in a local data cache.
Pooch is written in pure Python and has minimal dependencies.
It can be easily installed from the Python Package Index (PyPI) and conda-forge
on a wide range of Python versions: 2.7 (up to Pooch 0.6.0) and from 3.5 to 3.8.

> The integrity of downloads is verified by comparing the file's SHA256 hash with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integrity of downloads is verified by comparing the file's SHA-256 hash with
```

As such, many software libraries include sample datasets in their distributions
for use in documentation, tests, benchmarks, and workshops.
A common approach is to include smaller datasets in the GitHub repository
directly and package them with the source and binary distributions
(e.g., scikit-learn [@scikit-learn] and scikit-image [@scikit-image] do this).
As data files increase in size, it becomes unfeasible to store them in GitHub
repositories.
Thus, larger datasets require writing code to download the files from a remote server
to the user's computer.
The same problem is faced by scientists using version control to manage their
research projects.
While downloading a data file over HTTPS can be done easily with modern Python
libraries, it is not trivial to manage a set of files, keep them updated, and
check for corruption.
For example, scikit-learn [@scikit-learn], Cartopy [@cartopy], and PyVista
[@pyvista] all include code dedicated to this particular task.
Instead of scientists and library authors recreating the same code, it would be
best to have a minimalistic and easy to set up tool for fetching and maintaining
data files.

Pooch is a Python library that fills this gap.

> It manages a data *registry* (containing file names, SHA-256 hashes, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It manages a data *registry* (containing file names, cryptographic hashes -- e.g. sha256, and
```

Author: Thanks! I removed the "e.g." since we can only use SHA256 at the moment.

MetPy [@metpy], Verde [@verde], RockHound [@rockhound], predictatops
[@predictatops], and icepack [@icepack].
Pooch is also being implemented as the download manager for scikit-image
([GitHub pull request number 3945](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/3945)),
which will allow the project to use larger sample data while simultaneously

> reducing the download size of source and binary distributions.

Author: Added this sentence describing what scikit-image gets out of using Pooch.
